Liam is nothing like Natalie. Natalie never went through draws or cabinets. She was always so good. LIAM is a bit more adventurous. And he always picks the cabinets that are the hardest to put back together. Hubby just started Nutrisystem and he has his own little section of the kitchen. Well, Liam doesn't like the order of it all and trashes my set up at least 10 times a day. YES, I need to buy one of those locks for the doors. We have one for the chemicals. But none on the food. My mistake for SURE!

In the meantime, I better document it because before I know it this boy will be in college and I will be missing cleaning up after him.
Yeah.. that's not me. But I still decided that I wanted to start doing Yoga. I've been thinking about it for quite some time. So, this weekend I bought a pair of work out shorts and a tank and off I went. The only class that was close to me was Birkham Yoga, the hot one. The 100 degree sweaty room one.

I. Almost. Died. 

The Yoga itself was wonderful. I will continue that for sure. But the HEAT of that room was unbearable. The best part is, the teacher specifically came up to me and said,

Hmmm.. I really didn't wanna update my blog till my results were out. But Figured I might as well blog about something I've been wanting to for quite a while. But before i begin- heres wishin u a happy new year! I was waiting for a bus and Getting pretty restless, I started twirling my cellphone between my thumb and middle finger. I almost dropped my cellphone in shock as I heard a voice to my right yell, "o*** dei! Cellphone vechirundha periya m***** nee?"  Completely nonplussed, I turned around to see a pretty decently dressed chap on a bike looking straight at me with a furious look on his face. I didn't quite get it. The person standing in front of me seemed startled too. Guess he felt the guy was looking at him. That only confused me further. I couldn't quite make out who he was staring at! (Random note to self: Fury adds a squint to ur eye!!)
  The-guy-in-front-of-me, let's jus call him X for my aching fingers' sake(!), was visibly offended. "Excuse me?" he said, his voice quavering lightly. He seemed guarded and didn't turn around to face the Biker dude (gotta make do with this name for the time being!) straight on. But nothing in the world could have prepared me for what followed next. My jaw almost hit the floor in bewilderment when the Biker dude retorted, "Enna da English-la peela vudarae? English-la pesina nee periya p******-ya?"  I could feel every eye in the bus stop trained on the three of us. What was happening? Why was he picking up a fight for no reason? And all of a sudden, a silly thought crossed my mind. Silly, but every inch possible. Was this some show like Candid Camera or MTV Bakra? Did I actually have a camera zooming in on me? Am I on TV?!? I absently ran my fingers through my hair. I was feeling extremely self-conscious! I just wanted to get the hell outta the place! (Random notes of enlightenment: My brain goes off into tangents in the opposite direction just when I want it to stay focussed.)  Perhaps Mr. X was too numb with shock to have such crazy ideas floating around in his head. he Biker dude wasn't done with the expletives. He mouthed yet another string of well-chosen obscenities. Even passers-by stopped to gawk at the scene. I really wanted to get outta that place!!  Mr.X had had enough. He spluttered in indignation, pulled himself up to full height and started to approach the Biker dude. Aaah, now this was gonna get interesting! :)  But things took yet another crazy twist as the manic look on the Biker dude's face flickered off. To be replaced by a slight hint of confusion. And then, full-blooded horror!  Mr. X seemed puzzled at the reaction too. Things fell into place when the Biker dude slapped his forehead and exclaimed "phone-a vei da naaye. unaala en maaname pochu!".  And even as he revved up his bike, and fled the scene, face red with embarassment, I caught a glimpse of the ear-piece of his Hands-free mobile set peep out from under his collar! :)

We watch movies. And we see what the camera intends to show us. Other things remaining stable, it is sometimes the camera that provides the movement. So is the case with the human eye. When I chose to isolate myself from the plethora of activities happening around, from the mundane action that surrounds me each day, there was a mild discovery I made. Ironically, irrespective of their mildness, these discoveries make me feel stronger every time they happen to me.  Getting back to the discovery I was talking about: I used my eyes as the video camera. I saw the panning, tilting, dollying and trollying movements as I strolled across my house. I noticed that the objects around me were stable only till my eyes cooperated, any non cooperation on their part brought about a movement in the world around me. And the secret that hit me was: stability is a state of the human eye, which responds to any stimulus provided by the ‘thoughting’ of the human brain.


Then, must I always complain about the changing surroundings! The environment, thoughts, people, situations: they are often a part of the thoughts that stimulate my mind.

Cooking!  May be the title of the blog is a give away - I love cooking. Even though I am not very frequently doing so I love the act of conjuring mouth watering, aromatic delicacies :)
I love chopping onions and chillies with the precision of millimeters (only if you have the right knife and technique) and the adventure of flash frying. I have spent a good part of my telly watching years savouring exotic dishes being made 'too simple to believe' from all over the world. 

All that and more for my love of cooking later. 

What made me write this post was the fact whenever I am struggling with high pressure studies my mind tend to wander away to recipes for those after assignment parties (fictional of course!).

I am in midst of writing a very crucial piece of my dissertation and thinking about shahi toasts (deep fried bread dipped in fragrant sugar syrup) and sewaiya (vermicilli in sweet milk) :) Some day I will post if I get to make any of these..for now I should go back to the dissertation. 

PS: I do cook occasional special dishes, strangely never thought of blogging about it. May be I can post some pics soon :)

The jhhhhaaakkkaaaasss DSN...Do It Now !!!  We all have personal barriers, old habits, or inhibitions that hold us back and keep us from fully participating in life. DSN Course is a rigorous and transformational course, designed by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. Dropping whatever does not serve your best interests is a completely liberating experience—it makes you so strong that nothing in this world can shake you.  When you are ready for true liberation, true freedom and personal empowerment, then you are ready for the power of DSN!

Last week I did DSN course for the second time and believe me,it was a life transforming experience. The dynamic,energetic teacher reaching out to every participant,bringing joy and enthusiasm to all was really min blowing....or should i say, JHHHAKKKKAS !!!! Yeah,you guessed it right...the teacher was none other than Anand Rajenderan...he had promised that all the sheep joining the course will go back as lions by the end of three days...and so it happened !!!

The padmsadhna sessions,meditations,Om namo shivay chantings....it was so blissful....and what we looked forward to the most was knowledge sessions by Anandji.Guruji's teachings were explained in such fun-filled manner and the best part used to be when Anandji used to point out the 'Pappus' from the crowd and they had to stand before the crowd till the time they started participating whole-heartedly.

The processes were amazing as usual.We had so much fun when guys were dressed like gals and vice-versa.Bhanu and me had so much fun eve-teasing...at the end of the process,all the men vowed that they will never ever tease a woman again :) Criticism process was an eye-opener in so many ways.Every process taught something new and helped in connecting with others as if they were my own.

The charisma of Anandji was witnessed in full throttle on the last day.Everyone was so over-whelmed by the Guru stories he told.That day i learnt the importance of 'giving'.Donations were raised for constructing a temple of knowldge in our city beautiful.Our dsn group raised almost 20 lakhs.there were tears of gratitude in everyone's eyes.till date we'd been living for ourselves but that day we realised what satisfaction one gets when we do something for the society we live in.

The course ended with a rocking satsang...we danced nonstop to the beats of the dhol....followed by rocking bhajans...and the award of the best dancer goes to...Anandji again...who set the floor on fire by his energetic dance.he danced with each and every participant and everyone was so excited to geta chance to shake a leg with their jhakkas teacher.

So, ladies and gentlemen – if there is a DSN course with Anandji nearby you, it is a must attend course. Do it to make a difference in your lives, in your families’ lives and for making the world a more positive and spiritual place!!

