-



























Been feeling a little off lately, lost, lonely, etc.
I put a



 new blade in my razor knife this week and drug it down my arm a few times very slowly just enough so a little blood surfaced and leave a little scar.
I made me feel better.
S ,+++Do the next day at work when in the briars I took a big old briar limb and snapped it off and run it up and down my arms and it gave me total relief of something and i've felt so much more alive and no I don't feel any guilt about it.
Will do it again very soon when I start feeling off again if thats what it takes to keep me going.
It felt so good.
Does anyone blame me?
The briar limb made me look like i'd been in a fight with a big dam cat. 
Blood was running all down my arms. 
I felt like a totally different person.
My views and outlook on life change when I do this, No its not normal to the average person but it is for people like me. 
I see nothing wrong with it.
I am a very violent person and this thing of violence came in me from few years i tried to figure it out why its because the pain inside becomes so much that its intolerable we try to tell others to people we might think friends, loved ones, or family etc.
But inside pain is so much and we cann't understand and control it and others don't understand our situation or problem they think its minor phase or not much pain in their eyes, or our pain is nothing compared to others etc.
Increasing our heart tears making us feel bad, useless, dust bin kind of our life or a person with no life or a living dead the depression exceeds the limit,
The pain becomes so high that no one understand not even we and even slightest thing make us mad about things
And we scold others for our problem,tell others they are reason for our situation,blame them for everything or ourselves,
Cry in heart or when no one around but in front of others like we are happy or okay;
Try to forget self in any kind of addiction ;
Feel like no one loves us,
The world is bad we try to overcome it by positive or good thoughts and try to calm us down but when situation comes we just cross our limit 
And when our violent anger comes down we feel guilty , sorry and hate us for not able to control self ,
Most of us people talk less as we try to control our mouth and aggressive  nature but many time no use
We can only be understood by those people who are in our situation
We want a lot of love a thing we can love the most and forget or overcome our pain hidden inside
I hurt myself cuz i lose control over things i can't
Ever since i was 10 my parents fight a lot and i found that this was the only way to get them to stop so i cut i fell and jumped and ran into everything then they got divorced
But they still fight and scream and it still bothers me that i can't stop it that i can't help 
And6323 i went to them for help but all they did was say to stop or they would send me away and thats way worse, i just want to stop but am afraid am addicted to self injury
I just wanted them to stop fighting now its tearing me apart and i don't want that i want to b me my own person 
I don't want to do this but I find it so hard to resist.
You being a complete douche right now and making me cry is just the cherry on top of my really crappy day and I don't think I can hold out much longer.
I know I'll feel so much better when I see my skin crack and break but all the same I'm fighting it.
I guess I should've learn't by now, there's no point in fighting; I always lose.
I like the feel of a thin razor going across my skin, not very deep, just enough to feel it and see the blood surface.
I have this urge daily, usually when im bored or frustrated and misunderstood about something stupid.
At least once a week or more I find a spot of poison oak on my hand and/or arms and I prefer to let it swell up enough so I can scratch it hard enough to break the skin good.
Then I like to burn them closed with cigarettes.
A nice swift whack across my shins with a good old stick of wood works pretty good.
I bite my finger nails off to the point my fingers bleed, and when there isn't enough left to chew on Ill go to chewing my on my fingers and cuticles.
I dig around in my hand with my razor often looking for thorns that aren't there anyways, but just like exploring I guess.
I pick my scabs constantly and make them bleed more.
I don't really have the urge to self injure I just do it and enjoy it, it calms me.
It helps slow down my thoughts, the thoughts of death, homicide, etc.
Its not that I want to commit suicide or harm someone else but I get thoughts of it all the time just out of the blue about random situations.
They are strong enough that I get myself confused as to where I don't know if its a real situation or not.
I have my off days where for no reason I want to die and visualize it happening and what it would feel like, I wonder who would it impact and who would care or miss me.
I often have daydreams of someone close to me dying and wonder how I would react to it but I don't know and can't feel any emotion about it.
I'm lost and don't know what way to go.
I had it all not to long ago and now nothing but friends and wouldn't trade them for all the money in the world.
They are the ones that get me through most days.
When someone doesn't return a call, respond to a text, or do what they say their gonna do I slowly start into that rage and have very evil thoughts of harming them but turn it on to myself instead.
I was doped up ready for bed and in a daze last night when I wrote this.
Its all true except for where I tend to contradict what I say.
After what I've said on this page, YES, I do have the urge to self harm.
The other thoughts of hurting others are usually arguments I start with people I don't know inside my head, Daydreaming maybe, and it gets pretty severe at times to the point to where I cant be around others because Ill get paranoid.
Maybe I've simply become less patient with idiots and stupid turds.
In a mundane situation, like picking up food I've ordered from a cafe or restaurant, I will get annoyed with the cashier's stupid *** joking and "friendliness" to the point where I get angry.
Shut the f*uck up asswipe and just give me my food  ... quit wasting my time.
Oh you may think you're cute but you're not.
I genuinely feel anger in that moment over some dickhead kid for wasting my time.
If my mental powers were such that my intention or wish came true, the asswipe would spontaneously combust and be dust in the wind. 
Seriously, I can get riled up enough that I complain to the person's manager.
I'd like it if all such nuisances were fired from their jobs and I didn't encounter them in the daily routine of things.
I don't get physically violent with people, but it seems that I get easily frustrated with people or situations. 
I get frustrated to the point where I'm grinding my teeth and I have to leave the room so I don't say anything hurtful to anyone.
I wish I could learn not to get so upset about things.
I let little things build up until I feel like a pressure cooker and the lid is about to blow.
I have struggled with my anger issues since I was a about 18.
I am ashamed because I did something so stupid today.
I was having a bad morning, and was in tears at my house before I woke my daughter up to take her to preschool.
The whole way to the school, was spent fluctuating between faking a smile and talking sweetly to my beautiful girl and then obsessing in my head about all of my stress (the possibility of losing my job, the stress of problems in my marriage, finances, house repairs, a meeting I was going to be late for, I was overwhelmed with too much on my plate).
When I got to the school, I pulled into the car pool line and, I thought the woman with the flailing arms was waiving me ahead but then she jumped in front of me and she rushed to my car.
I rolled the window down to tell her I was sorry and I thought I was supposed to go ahead and merge in with the other lane of traffic but before I could say anything she started blurting directions and then I said "oh, I thought I was supposed to go this way.
She said "you are but you are not supposed to cut in line." She said it rudely and condescendingly .
he scolded me as she would a 4th grader.
So, I immediately felt stupid and I was already so upset, I just snapped.
I dropped the f-bomb on her.
I knew the second it came out of my mouth that I had made a huge mistake.
I started shaking and I had tears in my eyes.
She was rude, but she did not deserve that. 
My reaction was unacceptable.
I cannot take it back now.
I don't even really know who she is so I cannot apologize (but I don't know that I would have the guts to anyway). 
I worried about it all day.
I actually wrote her an apology letter and it is in my purse.
I had to go back to the school tonight for a parents meeting and the principle actually mentioned the outburst in her comments.
When talking about the car pool line she said "I will not tolerate anyone cursing out one of my teachers.
Which happened this morning." Half the crowd gasped in disbelief and disapproval.
My body went numb, I thought I was going to faint.
I actually wanted to slink away and die. 
No one actually knew she was talking about me, but I felt like they did.
I fear that they did, or that they will learn it was me.
I feel like I have given all power away - like I cannot be involved with the school at all.
My daughter has been there for 5 days and has 8 years left and I feel like I have ruined it.
I want to run away.
I took my letter to the parents meeting, but I did not give it to anyone because I was afraid.
I thought about giving it to the principle and apologizing to her and asking her to give the letter to the teacher (since I did not recognize her).
But I was afraid.
When I'm really mad .. (quite often), I explode like a volcano lol, 
My face turns red and my voice rises up like an Opera singer ..
I hate it !
I get so mad about stuff.
So angry that i can actually feel my blood pressure rising.
I get so irritated with people that I have a hard time being pleasant sometimes (although, I don't usually freak out on complete strangers like today).
I thought about going to a hypnotist .... I wonder if that would work.
I really don't have a clue how to control this.
I am not going on any stupid medication which I don't think helps the true problem, just curbs a symptom.
I just had to get this off of my chest.
Its not that I try to be anti-social, or that wouldn't like to get on with the people around me better.
Its just that I get overwhelmed by feelings of anxiety.
My mind keeps telling me that I`m not good enough, and that nobody wants to hear my voice.
I just feel timid and afraid whenever I`m confronted by a social situation, so most of the time I avoid them.
Why Am I Like This!!
Why is it that i always find myself alone?
Why is it that i always seem to enjoy a lot of time by myself?
Why is it that i struggle to get to know people?
Why is it that i struggle to start a conversation?
Why is it that i hide my emotions, and never express the way i feel to family and friends?
Why do i shut myself away from the rest of the world?
Why is it that whenever i try to socialize, for the most part, i don't enjoy myself?
Why is it that a lot of things that most people i know love doing, i just don't enjoy myself?
Why do i always feel so negative about myself?
Why do i always think that people are talking about me and saying bad things about me behind my back?
Why do i always doubt myself?
Why do i always think that no one cares about me? why do i always feel left out?
People say that nobody knows who you are, better than you know yourself!!!
But the only problem with that is, that i don't even think i know myself at all!!! 
Almost on a daily basis i ask myself all these questions, and i still haven't come up with any answers!!!
Why am i like this?
Is evil something you are? Or is it something you do?
My pain is constant and sharp and I do not hope for a better world for anyone In fact I want my pain to be inflicted on other.
I want no one to escape.
But even after admitting this - and I have, countless times, in just about every act I've committed - and coming face-to-face with these truths, there is no catharsis.
I gain no deeper knowledge about myself, no new understanding can be extracted from my telling.
There has been no reason for me to tell you any of this.
This confession has meant nothing...
